.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug Report
about: Help us diagnose and fix bugs in extensions-migration
labels: bug,needs:triage
title: 
---
<!--
Thank you for helping to improve extensions-migration!

Please be sure to search for open issues before raising a new one. We use issues
for bug reports and feature requests.
-->

### What happened?
<!--
Please let us know what behaviour you expected and how extensions-migration diverged from
that behaviour.
-->


### How can we reproduce it?
<!--
Help us to reproduce your bug as succinctly and precisely as possible. Artifacts
such as example manifests or a script that triggers the issue are highly
appreciated!
-->

### What environment did it happen in?

* extensions-migration Version:

<!--
Include at least the version or commit of extensions-migration you were running. Consider
also including your:

* Cloud provider or hardware configuration
* Kubernetes version (use `kubectl version`)
* Kubernetes distribution (e.g. Tectonic, GKE, OpenShift)
* OS (e.g. from /etc/os-release)
* Kernel (e.g. `uname -a`)
-->

Commit message:

Add missing elements for repo compliance

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug Report
about: Help us diagnose and fix bugs
labels: bug,needs:triage
title: 
---
<!--
Thank you for helping to improve the code in this repo!

Please be sure to search for open issues before raising a new one. We use issues
for bug reports and feature requests.
-->

### What happened?
<!--
Please let us know what behaviour you expected and how what you observerd
diverged from that behaviour.
-->


### How can we reproduce it?
<!--
Help us to reproduce your bug as succinctly and precisely as possible. Artifacts
such as example manifests or a script that triggers the issue are highly
appreciated!
-->

### What environment did it happen in?

* Release version:

<!--
Include at least the version or commit of extensions-migration you were running.
Consider also including your:

* Cloud provider or hardware configuration
* Kubernetes version (use `kubectl version`)
* Kubernetes distribution (e.g. Tectonic, GKE, OpenShift)
* OS (e.g. from /etc/os-release)
* Kernel (e.g. `uname -a`)
-->
